Core events documentation (#1110)
onflow/cadence: docs/core-events.mdx

## JavaScript SDK

You can find the JavaScript SDK for Flow here:

[https://github.com/onflow/flow-js-sdk](https://github.com/onflow/flow-js-sdk)

## Flow CLI

You can use Flow CLI to query events, learn more about it here:

[https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/get-events/](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/get-events/)

# Event Descriptions

## Native Events
Native events are events emitted directly from the FVM (Flow virtual machine). The events have the same name on 
all networks and don't follow the standard naming.

### Account Created

Event that is emitted when a new account gets created.

Event name: `flow.AccountCreated`

```cadence
pub event AccountCreated(address: Address)
```

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| address       | Address | The address of the newly created account |

### Account Key Added

Event that is emitted when a key gets added to an account.

Event name: `flow.AccountKeyAdded`

```cadence

> pub event AccountKeyAdded(address: Address)

Reviewer: looks like you didn't include the publickey parameter here

```

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| address       | Address | The address of the account the key is added to |
| publicKey       | [UInt8] | Public key added to an account |

### Account Key Removed

Event that is emitted when a key gets removed from an account.

Event name: `flow.AccountKeyRemoved`

```cadence

> pub event AccountKeyRemoved(address: Address)

Reviewer: didn't include the publicKey parameter here

### Tokens Initialized

Event that is emitted when the contract gets created.

- Event name: `TokensInitialized`
- Mainnet event: `A.1654653399040a61.FlowToken.TokensInitialized`
- Testnet event: `A.7e60df042a9c0868.FlowToken.TokensInitialized`

```cadence
pub event TokensInitialized(initialSupply: UFix64)
```

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| initialSupply       | UFix64 | The initial supply of the tokens |

### Tokens Withdrawn

Event that is emitted when tokens get withdrawn from a Vault.

- Event name: `TokensWithdrawn`
- Mainnet event: `A.1654653399040a61.FlowToken.TokensWithdrawn`
- Testnet event: `A.7e60df042a9c0868.FlowToken.TokensWithdrawn`

```cadence
pub event TokensWithdrawn(amount: UFix64, from: Address?)
```

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| amount       | UFix64 | The amount of tokens withdrawn |

> | from       | Address? | Optional address of the account to withdraw from |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| from       | Address? | Optional address of the account that owns the vault where tokens were withdrawn from. `nil` if the vault is not in an account's storage
```

### Tokens Deposited

Event that is emitted when tokens get deposited to a Vault.

- Event name: `TokensDeposited`
- Mainnet event: `A.1654653399040a61.FlowToken.TokensDeposited`
- Testnet event: `A.7e60df042a9c0868.FlowToken.TokensDeposited`

```cadence
pub event TokensDeposited(amount: UFix64, to: Address?)
```

| Field             | Type   | Description                                                            |
| ----------------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| amount       | UFix64 | The amount of tokens withdrawn |

> | to       | Address? | Optional address of the account the amount is deposited to |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to       | Address? | Optional address of the account that owns the vault where tokens were deposited to. `nil` if the vault is not in an account's storage |
```
